[Music]
already here's ten tricky riddles to
tease your brain don't tease it too much
it might get mad it's time for some
brain fitness let's see if you can solve
these tricky riddles some of them even
have useful life hacks in them others
will just hack you off are you ready
number one a tourist stopped at a hotel
and stayed in a single room in the
evening he went to bed but couldn't fall
asleep after that he called someone
didn't say anything and then fell asleep
whom did he call and why you will have
ten seconds for this and all other
riddles your time starts now
[Music]
well the tourist called his neighbor who
was snoring loudly the ringing woke him
up the snoring stopped and the tourist
fell asleep number two
[Music]
continue this list oh t t F F s it's
time to find out the answer this is
actually a list of the capital letters
of the numbers one two three four five
six so you can continue the list with se
and T and so on easy as ABC or more like
one two three number three John told his
friends that he could predict the score
of any game before it starts now they
didn't believe him
but after a few games they watched
together they realized he wasn't lying
what is John secret John a psychic no
just kidding
John knows that the score of any game is
zero to zero before it starts now didn't
I tell you some of these would hack you
off hey I'm a psychic number four can
you open the lock using these clues six
eight to one digit is right and in its
right place six one four one digit is
right but in the wrong place 206 two
digits are right but both are in the
wrong place seven three eight all digits
are wrong three eight zero one digit is
right but in the wrong place so since
it's a math riddle we'll give you an
extra 20 seconds to solve it take your
time and get it right
[Music]
here's the answer six eight two six one
four two zero six seven three eight
three eight zero the code is 0 for 2
trust me it's this out right here okay
now number five in some US states one
crime is punishable people who try to
commit it go to prison those who
committed it successfully are never
punished
what is this crime and aren't you dying
to find out this crime is suicide those
who committed it successfully can't be
punished I guess that's a life hack or
something number six I am six hundred
times older than some of my relatives is
this possible you got to be really old
for this I guess can you figure this out
in ten seconds
[Music]
it is possible if for example a person
is 50 years old and their grandchild is
one month old well that's kind of
thinking outside the crib there isn't it
number seven how can you jump off a ten
yard ladder without doing any damage to
yourself just jump off the first step
yeah I know
number eight two towns near each other
liars live in one of them and honest
people in the other both come to visit
each other what single question should
you ask a passerby to find out which
town you're in finding the truth can be
quite challenging indeed you've got 10
seconds to do it the question are you a
guest here will help you if they say yes
you're in the town of Liars if they say
no you're in the town of honest people
number 9 a man was driving a huge truck
the headlights were off the moon wasn't
there to light the way either a woman
stepped on the road right in front of
the truck how did the driver manage to
see her and stop the vehicle at the
right time
[Music]
well we didn't tell you it was dark
outside
it all happened on a bright sunny day so
the driver didn't really need headlights
or the moon to see what's in front of
them now did he number 10 sharp eyes can
find two images here within 10 seconds
go the picture that you can see is both
a suit or female legs so how many of
these riddles did you get right share
your result in the comment section below
like this video if you want to get more
riddles from us subscribe to our channel
to be the first to see our cool updates
remember life is better on the bright
side
[Music]